We'll now turn our attention
to the PhraseMatchSpliterator
constructor and the various
fields that it defines.
The fields here are
identical with the fields
that we covered
earlier in our search
with sequential streams class.
For completeness, I'll go ahead
and describe them once again,
just so you don't have
to go back and watch
those videos again.
So the SearchStreamGang uses
the PhraseMatchSpliterator
for both sequential
and parallel streams,
as we've talked about before.
Earlier, we talked about the
sequential portions, which we
will review very briefly now.
But the main focus is on
the parallel portions.
And those, of
course, are the ones
that use the trySplit method
in order to further optimize
the performance of our
SearchWithParallelSpliterators
solution.
Here's the context
in which this occurs.
So as you can see, as we have
a stream of search phrases
that run in
parallel, we're going
to search for each
phrase in parallel.
And what we're
going to do here is
we're going to search
for the phrase.
And we're going to get back
a stream of search results.
And we're going to apply a
parallel spliterator in order
to speed up that search.
Here's kind of the way in which
we're intending this to work.
This is the way of
doing things before we
use the parallel spliterator.
You would simply
have one big input,
which would be the
work of Shakespeare.
And so if you wanted to search
to find a phrase like "Brevity
is the soul of
wit," then you would
use the regular expression
pattern matcher.
And it would just search through
the whole thing sequentially,
trying to find a match.
And so what we're going
to do here instead
is we're going to use a
parallel spliterator that
will split the input
up into multiple chunks
and then search those
chunks in parallel.
So rather than
something like this,
instead we're going to
have multiple chunks where
the different threads
in the thread pool
can search those different
chunks for a given
phrase in parallel.
And when the split occurs
evenly and efficiently
and correctly, with the
emphasis on correctly here,
speed ups can obviously
be substantial.
Because now we're
able to do more work
than we were able
to do if we scanned
the whole text of Shakespeare
in a single thread.
Now here's where it gets tricky.
We have to be very,
very careful not
to have the spliterator
split the input, the work
of Shakespeare, up
in such a way that it
will split across the
phrases we're searching for.
So here would be
a perfect split,
"Brevity is the soul of
wit" occurs at the end
of one of these splits.
And it could actually occur
anywhere within that split.
We would be fine.
But if for some reason the
spliterator splits the text up
in such a way where
"Brevity is the soul of"
occurs in one
portion of the split
and "wit" occurs in another
portion, then obviously,
we're not going to be
able to find "Brevity
is the soul of wit"
in any sensible way
by using our regular
expression pattern matcher.
It's just not going to work.
So we have to be very
careful about that.
And you'll see that the
bulk of the complexity
in the spliterator
implementation we're
about to examine is
all trying to deal
with this issue of
avoiding bad splits.
But before we get
into those details,
let's quickly recap the
elements in the fields
in PhraseMatchSpliterator.
So I think you hopefully
remember from our earliest
discussion that spliterator
is an interface that
defines a whole
bunch of methods,
most interestingly being
tryAdvance and trySplit.
The fields that we're
going to use here
will be used for both the
sequential and the parallel use
cases.
Some of these fields will be
updated in the trySplit method,
which we'll cover here soon,
which is why we don't define
them as being final.
As a general rule of
thumb, it's a good practice
to find your fields as final if
they won't change after they're
initialized in the constructor.
This helps to make
the intent more clear
and can also provide
some nice optimization
and synchronization benefits in
some environments in some use
cases.
But we can't do that
here because we're
going to reset them in the
trySplit method in some cases.
The mInput field
basically contains
the text for a single
work of Shakespeare.
The mPhrase field contains
the particular phrase
we're searching for in
the work of Shakespeare.
mPattern is the regular
expression representation
of the phrase from the Java
regular expression package.
We have another class from
the Java regular expression
package, which is
mPhraseMatcher, which
is going to be connected with
the pattern and the input
in order to make
a pattern matcher.
Then we have a couple of
fields that are really
designed to help
the split process
and the output process
of where things match.
mMinSplitSize dictates
the minimum size
to perform a split.
And we'll see that
that's used by the split
narrator in the trySplit
method to figure out
how many times to
split the input.
And then, finally, we also
have an mOffset field,
which is the offset
into the chunk
in order to make sure that
we account for the fact
that we're splitting things up.
And this value will be
reset by the spliterator
to account for the
different chunks we're
running in parallel.
We want to make sure that the
offset, which is basically
where the pattern of
the phrase matches
is globally meaningful
across the splits that we do.
And you'll see
how that gets used
in trySplit in just a minute.